Feature / Include any file (#203)
realworldocaml/mdx: README.md

    42
    ```

### File sync

> `mdx` is also capable of two-way synchronization of fenced code blocks with

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention that it can be done from the md file to the ml one as we're planning on dropping that.

Author: Done in 54fcc23da04fa1542910cf0caec3d5688123fe8e

OCaml files using

> the labels `file`. When an OCaml file is included it can be automaticcaly sliced

Reviewer: tiny typos:
```suggestion
the label `file`. When an OCaml file is included it can be automatically sliced
```
